(( Deckard ))
Hello young man!
We have a problem...
A few years ago a horrible monster stole the protective totem of the village...
And without this totem our village is no longer protected from enemies !
Therefore, slimes appear around the village and attack us...
We need you to restore peace in the village !
For that you will have to kill the leader who is located in the Southeast...
But before accomplishing this perilous mission...
You're going to have to complete some quests to prepare for combat ...
You must go see my old friend Backrith, he will give you your first quests !
good luck !
Wait a minute ! You must know one last thing before you go !
There are different types of monster! their leader is a minautore ...
And slimes, green, blue and red, the weakest are the green and the strongest the red ...
Now that you know everything you need to know, I wish you good luck.


(( Backrith ))
Hello young adventurer, what are you doing here ?
Oh I see ! Is Deckard bringing you to give you your first quest ?
To kill the head of enemies you will need a special potion ...
Without this potion you will not do him any damage.
But for that I will need you to bring me the necessary ingredients.
First i will need 6 droplets of green slime.


(( Backrith ))
Did you manage to collect the 6 green droplets ?

(( no ))
I'm waiting for you with the droplets here.
(( yes ))
Perfect, now I'm going to need 4 blue droplets.


(( Backrith ))
Did you manage to collect the 4 blue droplets ?

(( no ))
I'm waiting for you with the droplets here.
(( yes ))
Perfect, now I'm going to need 8 red droplets.


(( Backrith ))
Did you manage to collect the 8 red droplets ?

(( no ))
I'm waiting for you with the droplets here.
(( yes ))
very good ! wait here I will make this potion !
Here it is ! this potion is extremely precious! be careful !
Once you have killed the enemy leader you will collect the totem...
And bring it back to Deckard.
Good luck.


(( Deckard ))
oh you managed to recover the totem of our village !?
Give it to me i'll go put it back in its place.
You are a hero !
No one has succeeded before you !
You are now welcome with us!